How CRA works :
CRA or carry ripple adder is a binary adder that works by counting every individual carry after the other. By counting binary 0 + 1, 1 + 1, 0 + 0 and so on. 
Carry ripple adder counts it after each binary number. So if we have a example of 1001 and 0011 it would count it from right to left. So it would count like 1 + 1 
and it generates a carry that carry being 1 and so its continued to the next binary number which will be 0 + 1 + 1 carry so it will generate another carry. 
And so it becomes 0 + 0 + 1 which will not generate a carry. So the final product will be 1111.

How CLA works :
CLA or carry look-ahead adder is a binary adder that works by counting every carry simultaneously. Instead of individually like a carry ripple adder. A CLA will 
count all adder at the same time. It does this by creating two other variables which are generate and propagate. Propagate is where the original two A's and B's 
create a carry bit while generate is where a the sum of all generates a carry bit. It generates these carries by using 1 bit adders and then combining the answers 
at the end.

CLA computes faster :
Because its counting everything all at once. Unlike CRA where it needs to count every individual ripple from one binary equation to the next binary equation. 
CLA just does it all at once not waiting for every single equation. This does come a far more complex equation and that would usual make things slower but thanks 
to the nature of how fast addition. CLA after computing all necessary propagate and generate carries. It just adds them up all together. Creating far faster method
of adding two binary numbers.

Example 4 bits :
google

Tradeoff for speed CLA :
CLA give time and space complexity for speed. The speed that CLA gains is at the cost of space complexity its requires more space to be able to run efficiently. 
Its like adding more engines to a car it gains speed by using more space and power from your machine. While time complexity is just that a CLA algorithm will run 
faster but it trades that off for complex algorithms this makes it so that its not always the fastest a normal CRA would run faster given a smaller number of binary 
numbers. The graph would look like this :
google

Time complexity of CLA compared to CRA :
CRA time complexity works in a linier fashion by using the 0(n) equation to count the time complexity need. time doesnt increment within CRA it only adds time according to
the amount of data there is. while CLA works in a logarithmic fashion using the equation 0(log(n)), logarithmic equation is chosen because CLA works by using the divide
and conquer system to count all binary addition. 

Brute Force Method :
The usual matrix multiplication method split into a column and row format that being just multiply it as how a the usual matrix would be using this formula :

The brute force method will then count each individual a1a2 and b1c2 and so on counting a total of 8 variables to complete and then add. This is how the brute force 
method would work. 

Strassen's Algorithm :
The Strassen algorithm works by dividing the 8 variables that the brute force method had and turning them into 7 variables instead using this equation :

By lowering the variable count from 8 to 7 the Strassen algorithm uses less time by only counting the 7 variables and adding them together to create all the 
necessary parts for matrix multiplication. But this is done on a 2 by 2 example. To make the Strassen algorithm scales up it needs to use the divide an conquer 
method. By dividing a matrix from 4 x 4 example it would become a 4 2 x 2 matrixes and then it can continue using the Strassen 2 x 2 method. Finishing it off with
still a relatively faster time. This makes the Strassen algorithm trapped in a state that it can only accept a matrix that is even in numbers of 2. To counter this 
weakness the Strassen algorithm employs 0 columns and 0 rows if necessary. This will allow matrixes of not even numbers to be able to use the Strassen algorithm.

Time Complexity Strassen's Algorithm :
Using the master theorem one will be able to find the exact time complexity of a algorithm with the Strassen algorithm having 7 sub calls with it being reduced by 
a factor of 2 and that the smallest number that can be inputted being 0 we can conclude that T(n) would be 0(nlog2(7)) which will be 0(n2.81)





-
